hello my name is sebastian - I am
chef in the text mc sunday after
Gewandhaus street in Dresden
and I want to invite you today
traditional special mexican
court that caritas to do so
people safely on my workplace
I present you the driver today
from the calf we also use it with us
what a lot deliver both are stripes
Of course you can also different
other types of meat such as
bring ostrich beef or pig
to specialize in this dish
we have a marinade
This is made of many
various spices like coriander eg
chilli mustard salt paprika onions and
garlic exactly
mix it up a bit
give neat height
and then leave it for 24 hours in the
marinade fridge
after 24 hours, the meat is through
marinated and three to fry us
marinate and of course
we lose our traditional here
drive away for caritas with
onions snow peas paprika and corn
with us the father is offered with
grated cheese rucola salad ex max
and beans to roll ours
fresh wheat meteors hello my name
is max nagl i am the owner of
restaurants texmex sent for her
pub district travel box eighth
Gewandhaus street and show them here
like the free the public of mine
opinion after eaten right
I take out of our heat container
a top areas with the top animal
salsa mexican something with guacamole
avocado has to beanboy cowboy
with problems and driven karachis
then I take the meat as
Roots in the tub is not to go
then you do not wear the whole thing
fold back door to then
good appetite and a lot of fun
when cooking